hello guys welcome to a new video this
is multilingual best part 2 if you guys
don't know part 1 what I'm going to do
is I'm going to wear this t-shirt for
one hour long if I don't speak the
language of someone then I have to pay
five euros to the person if I speak the
language there's not happening anything
so the goal is that I don't lose too
much money before we're starting with
this onee project I also want to tell
something about itoki I'm using this
platform for awhile now
for more or less nine months and I'll
learn different languages I'm very happy
about the result and I think that the
teachers are very helpful giving me a
lot of motivation I also don't have to
travel I can learn the language while we
are on skype if I have questions or if I
have suggestions you know like if you
want to get any advice about a certain
topic they're always helpful so it's
great I also want to tell us something
about the itoki app you can download the
itoki app on the Play Store or or I mean
the App Store or the Google Play Store
and yeah it's a very easy relaxed way to
learn the language on a donkey as well
but make sure to sign up first using the
link below this video because then you
will get $10 credit for free after your
first purchase so use the link below
before your before you use the app so
you have to tend all the credit for free
just guys let's go for it be careful be
careful really like with your bus go
here man oh wait sorry like so don't you
Gracie you wait where were we mr. K
don't you really are alien HEVC like I
saved you
photo photo photo photo move away man
you pull it along to talk don't applaud
this anchor post whaa ya there is the
donor
ah yes he's here spinosum problemo para
me hace calor oh I don't know see ya
bonus what you're sorry I'm still
nervous esta muy Topanga who say to me
hey Jorge Brasileiro euros nah so Brazil
lol so on - mouch
moody brat brat car yo miss Campos
Salle's saying I'm with a legal
parameters versus a V you know passages
here saying Agora / KO now care ooh no
quiero que espresso us budging Subaru
quality ah Michelle follow same was
maintained but okay mais uma Saprissa
you speak another language probably not
yeah you want okay I'm supposed to dodge
yeah that's kinda shut off other guys
you love the Swedish is the Volvo comes
to well should start as a bad Danish
cancel it specialist nice yeah this food
for long yeah wait wait el azucar llama
could comedy I'll simply tubular missing
bindi that's it to be little I'm not a
man a Leatherman
and yeah which are only which you can
try I'll give you five year olds or five
I believe you I don't speak in language
telega in denial about Co remember I'm
ruining academic Tagalog Wow well I'm
from the end well I'm from the wayon at
San Kanakadasa
900 antithetical um you know are we I
don't Wow and I am tired of you know are
we someone hired somewhere higher I
wanna be fat like yeah I know hockey
renowned like a lucky they're lookin in
a time change it then wha-wha-wha-what
at the clock column whatever you
listening ah
I will improve ma Yan pero por uma
balcony intense and Filipinos
para para my practice liquitex yeah but
I'm Excel America claim nature first I
might yeah it's break bayonet loans
money and food yeah yeah yeah okay no
the yeah is Finnick like my friend that
is like why can't I ever care to paruko
yeah - yeah I know that's uh code that's
how cool Oh
yeah yeah so that then you don't get
anything
yeah what willingly mungyu Roberto say
oh yeah yeah okay well I'm probably on
yeah cheers guys yeah so it's okay to
use the video prediction I'm a vaulted
core diviner speak Thai with you or
something or you speak Thai yeah
complete pasta title on my cup oh really
you know me can cause you're my good
gosh oh my god
yeah Puma put poop atomic mark opposite
irony Troy kun kun you tonight are you
teeny my cup are chemically my my my ha
ha ha so you win yeah yeah yeah I went
but the one that happen anything you
know like as I said you will just get 5
euros if I don't speak it but if I do
speak it no person era Oh yuck fish per
hour to finish your greens move you lose
it over there thanks with China also
video claims to movie out the coach yeah
doesn't meal Trotsky euros Emil Trotsky
a la yaani boo Oh crane yeah a douche
dujun prima person human a lazy and
hola
which language is this Oh Damien danesco
are you speak Japanese no okay whistling
which is pretty funny oh just one is I
don't speak Japanese alright you got me
man
yeah so I I thought you said Japanese I
speak Japanese but Camuto picked up
bicha bicha bicha Abaza yes a
chair abbas indonesia karna saya punya
bhakta mandhaari indonesia
nama saya Valtor a bucket of our coven
saya suka ingot pergi ke new Nisha dance
a jig Asuka Balaji Abbas a OVA
ya basta Jaffa in Tobago sir come apakah
mu Melaku kanji city palace Vagos comic
guru como guru
say I'm Lucas juga saya suka moon Lucas
yoga a pinata which language is this
Malati Manu a tane both oh so alright
this is going fast where like I speak
Hindi but no more a tea
alright yeah voodoo Belarus key
yeah I go to produce kita yes now that
is there is no cure no your coaches cuz
that story any wo thing is a Hungarian
alright Cheers say oh when I'm gonna
daddy Amsterdam say um Ilana come with
that didi mana if you have any tips for
new videos just let me know in the
comments and Jess was a great day